Increase documentation and Rename fields (#1)
PostHog/posthog-memphisdev-app: README.md

> # Memphis.dev data processing platform

Reviewer: We'd prefer to leave this as it is, in order to keep it consistent with the other apps we offer and make it easier for users to find/understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Memphis Export
```

> Memphis is a next-generation alternative to traditional message brokers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publish events to Memphis, an alternative to traditional message brokers.
```

A simple, robust, and durable cloud-native message broker wrapped with
an entire ecosystem that enables cost-effective, fast, and reliable development of modern queue-based use cases.

Memphis enables the building of modern queue-based applications that require
large volumes of streamed and enriched data, modern protocols, zero ops, rapid development,
extreme cost reduction, and a significantly lower amount of dev time for data-oriented developers and data engineers.

> Publish PostHog events to Memphis station (topic) on ingestion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Memphis is a simple cloud-native message broker which enables you to build modern, queue-based applications. Intended for data-orientated developers and data engineers, Memphis is ideal for building applications which require large volumes of streamed and enriched data. 

This app enables you to publish events from PostHog to a Memphis station (topic) upon ingestion. 

```
